User Stories
============

1. When I run the game, a window will open showing the title page.
   (scav)  branch: screen, status: done


2. On the title page, when I click the "Start" button, the title page
   will be replaced by the game.
   (scav)  branch: screen, status: done

3. After playing the game, I will be returned to the title page.
   (scav) branch: screen, status: done

4. When I start playing the game, I will see a grid of hexagons
   representing the first game level, with the camera centred on a
   representation of the player.
   (scav) branch: hexagons, status: done

5. The movement keys will move the player around on the grid.
   (At this stage, don't bother about collision with walls or staying
   within the bounds of the grid.)
   (scav) branch: movement, status: done

6. The player turns to face the direction of movement.
   (scav) branch: movement, status: done
  
7. The camera remains centred on the player.
   (scav) branch: movement, status: done

8. The player cannot move into one of the occupied hexagons.
   (scav) branch: collision, status: done (AFL)

9. Clicking the mouse fires a ball in the direction from the player to
   where the mouse click took place. (At this stage, the ball doesn't
   do anything interesting, and disappears after a certain duration of
   travel.)
   (Pressing ESC quits the game screen)
   (scav) branch: balls, status: done

10. The ball bounces off any occupied hexagons in a semi-realistic way.
    (scav) branch: balls, status: done

11. The ball destroys up to 3 normal coloured hexagons before disappearing.
    (scav) branch: balls, status: done

12. The ball kills the player too. The game screen exits to the score
    screen, which in turn exits to the title screen.
    (scav) branch: winordie, status: done

13. The player wins on reaching an exit hexagon. The game screen exits to a
    victory screen, which exits to the title screen.
    (scav) branch: winordie, status: done

14. Winning proceeds to the next level, unless there are no more levels,
    then it goes to the victory screen. The level number is shown in the
    top left of the screen.
    (scav) branch: winordie, status: done

15. At the start of each level, some narrative text is overlaid on the
    screen, until dismissed by a key press or mouse click. This should
    be white text on alpha < 1 black.
    (scav) branch: storytime, status: done

16. The title screen should play the title-page music.
    (Threads) branch: music, status: done

17. The game screen should play the in-game music.
    (Threads) branch: music, status: done

18. Destroying hexagons should increase the score, which will be shown
    on the bottom right of the screen.
    (scav) branch: winordie, status: done

19. Monsters will roam the grid. They move randomly or bounce around like
    the ball.  Contact with the player kills the player. Contact with the
    ball kills some monsters; others are indestructible.
    (scav) branch: monsters, status: done

20. There will be sound effects for the following events:
    a.  breaking a hexagon
    b.  ball hitting each kind of monster
    c.  escaping from a level
    d.  being hit by the ball
    e.  begin caught by each kind of monster
    f.  player dying
    Some of these may be the same. (e.g. enraging and being eaten by a
    hunter may be the same sound)
    (scav) status: done

21. The last level will have a special monster.

22. There will be Mimics.  They look like a wall piece unless hit by a
    ball. They they become like a Hunter for up to 10 bounces. Then they
    go back into hiding.
    status: done

23. There will be a level where you need to be in first-person mode to spot
    a section of wall that you can walk through.
    status: done

24. There will be a bowling-ball power-up that is slower and more destructive.
    status: done

25. There will be a spiked ball that will not bounce from hexagons that it
    destroys.
    status: done

26. There will be a smiley ball that cannot harm the player.
    status: done

27. There will be a blitzball that will go very fast in a straight line and
    deal 99,999 damage to the first hexagon it hits. Short lived ball.
    status: done

28. There will be metallic hexagons that are worth more points.
    (Threads) branch: metals, status: done
